Sysext image for VMware OEM (#1146)
flatcar/scripts: changelog/changes/2023-09-20-vmware-sysext.md

> - Reworked the VMware OEM software to be shipped a A/B updated systemd-sysext image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reworked the VMware OEM software to be shipped as A/B updated systemd-sysext image
```

Reviewer: (that was my typo)

> - Rework VMware OEM to become a sysext image.
> - The open-vm-tools package in VMware OEM now comes with vmhgfs-fuse, udev rules, pam and vgauth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reworked the VMware OEM software to be shipped a A/B updated systemd-sysext image
- The open-vm-tools package in VMware OEM now comes with vmhgfs-fuse, udev rules, pam and vgauth
```
